docs: API reference access control policy (#261)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/05-reference/api/update-asset.mdx

Returns a `200 OK` response with an object containing the updated properties
indicates that the `asset` was successfully updated.

> ## Update Access Control Policy

Reviewer: We should not give this example for assets, as assets are exactly what we **dont** support. This example must be in the `update-stream` documentation instead. Only when we add support for that on assets that we should document it.

A `playbackPolicy` `type` can be either:
- public - No access control is applied to the asset
- jwt - A JWT is required to playback the asset

> If you set your stream or asset's playback policy to jwt, you will need to decode and verify
> your stream or asset for playback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set your stream or asset's playback policy to JWT, you will need to sign a token with a signing key
and put it in the playback URL to be able to playback your stream.
```

We should also add a link here to the documentation that explains how to create a signing key and sign a JWT with it.

### Request

```bash

> curl --location --request PATCH 'https://livepeer.studio/api/asset/{asset_id}' \

Reviewer: Remember to change all the example here once you move this to the stream docs.
